- [Instructor] Collection Views are another feature
provided by the map interface
that you'll commonly work with.
They are used when you want to obtain parts of the map,
like its entries, keys, or values as a collection.
It's common to use a collection view
when you need to iterate through a map's entries,
keys, or values.
So you can see in the code,
we are getting the keys as a set using the keySet method.
Currently, it just returns a set holding the key A.
There is a small caveat to be aware of
when working with the collection view.
The collection view is backed by the map.
So any changes to the map will be reflected
in the collection view.
You'll notice I've added a new entry to the map,
and now the collection view contains A and B.
So if your map entries change,
you'll see the changes reflected in the collection view.
If you're not aware of these mechanics,
it can lead to some painful runtime issues.
These map interface methods provide collection views
for a map's entries, keys, and values.
I'll draw your attention to the entrySet,
which is frequently used to loop through a map's contents.
The entrySet returns a set containing objects
of type Entry.
These provide access to the key and value
of each association in the map.
Entry is a generic type.
It mimics the typing of the map backing the collection.
So if a map uses a string for its key
and stores integer values,
you can expect those types to be returned from the getKey
and getValue methods on the entry.
There's quite a bit to learn about working with the map.
But they're heavily used in Java.
So we'll go even deeper
as we start to explore map implementations.